Episode 12, George.
The Embassy of Ankhazastan was located in a quiet part of south London.
Well, it was usually quiet, but today there was a group of around sixty angry and noisy protestors.
Some were holding signs with ‘Socialist Workers Party’ printed on the bottom.
These guys were guaranteed to show up at any protest about anything.
They were chanting, “Down with Fascism.”
Then, there were the LGBT protestors.
I spoke to one of them briefly, a man with a slight build, holding a colourful rainbow flag.
“I’ve heard rumours that Miki is gay, you know,” he told me, “He’s one of us’.
This wasn’t getting me anywhere.
Meanwhile, I spotted a small group of serious-looking men standing quietly to one side.
One of them motioned to me to come over.
“Are you a journo or something?” he asked me roughly.
He was a tough-looking character with tattoos and muscles.
“No, actually.
I’m an old friend of Miki’s.
I came here to see what all the fuss was about.” Immediately
after saying this, I wondered if it was a mistake.
After all, most people here hated Miki.
But the man pulled me aside and called his mates over.
“Says he’s a friend of Miki’s,” he said to the others.
“Any friend of Miki’s is a friend of ours.
As long as you can prove it, that is.”
I pulled out a now-faded photo of Miki and me at Hemsworth and showed it to the guys.
They were visibly impressed.
“Hemsworth, eh?
Isn’t that that fancy school that millionaires send their kids to?”, he shot back.
“Something like that, yes”, I replied, eager to change the subject.
“What is it that you like about Miki?” I asked them, now that I was in their good books.
A second tough-looking fellow stepped up and spoke.
He looked like a football hooligan.
“Miki’s a tough, strong leader, not like the bunch of tossers running this country.”
The others nodded.
He continued, “ What they won't print in the mainstream media is
the crime rate here compared to the crime rate in Ankhazastan.
Things will never improve unless we have a strong leader… like Miki.
“And look at these idiots,” he motioned to the protestors.
“Gays and commies roaming the streets.
You won’t get that in Ankhazastan.
Alinur, you tell him.”
“I come from Ankhazastan,” said the young man.
“My father, he brought me to London when I was fifteen.
But in the UK, there are no morals.
People just do whatever they want.
It is rich country, but with no traditional values.”
The others nodded in agreement.
“Are you guys part of some group?” I asked them.
“Nah, mate, we’re just a bunch of regular lads,” the first
guy said, his friends chuckling and shuffling their feet.
I found that hard to believe, but when I looked at the protestors, they also
had their agendas and none of them seemed to actually be from Ankhazastan.
I really wanted to give Miki a chance, but whatever the truth was, I wouldn’t find it here.